Add a hint that article bundle removal may remove the template files (#7926)
sulu/sulu: UPGRADE-3.x.md

-    ONGR\ElasticsearchBundle\ONGRElasticsearchBundle::class => ['all' => true],
```

It can happen that flex removes the `config/templates/articles/*` files. If you need the article bundle, make sure 

> to not lose them by checking out the files again:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It can happen that flex removes the `config/templates/articles/*` files. If you need the article bundle, ensure you 
don’t lose these files by checking them out again from version control:
```
